docs: fixed typo in config-manager doc (#620)
ckb-js/lumos: packages/config-manager/README.md

## Example

```ts

> import { initializeConfig, predefined } from '@ckb-lumos/lumos/config';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/config-manager"
// or import from the entry package
import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/lumos/config"
```

The README for the child package `@ckb-lumos/config-manager` doesn't need to be changed for the entry package.

## Refreshing Config

```ts

> import { refreshScriptConfigs } from "@ckb-lumos/lumos/config";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/config-manager"
// or import from the entry package
import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/lumos/config"
```

## Refreshing Config

```ts

> import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/config-manager"
> // or import from the entry package
> import { initializeConfig, predefined } from "@ckb-lumos/lumos/config"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { refreshScriptConfigs } from "@ckb-lumos/config-manager"
// or import from the entry package
import { refreshScriptConfigs } from "@ckb-lumos/lumos/config"
```
